What are the goals of their simulation study and what are the metrics that they consider in assessing their method?

Simulation studies were conducted to investigate the finite sample properties of the test. 
Power is the metric that they consider in assessing their method.

What choices did the authors have to make in designing their simulation study? What are the key aspects of the data generating mechanism that likely affect the statistical power of the test? Are there data-generating scenarios that the authors did not consider that would be useful to consider?

There are two choices the author: 
1. the null hypothesis that a random sample has been drawn from a normal distribution
2. the null hypothesis that a random sample has been drawn from a mixture of two normal distribution
The key aspects of the data generating mechanism are spacing between the components, sample sizes, and mixing proportion. 
I think the adjusting LR also contributes to statistical power.

Do their tables do a good job of presenting the simulation results and do you have any alternative suggestions for how to do this?
Yes. The tables did a great job presenting the simulation results controlling each variable. It would be easier to read if split the tables to smaller ones each with fewer changing variables.

Interpret their tables on power (Tables 2 and 4) - do the results make sense in terms of how the power varies as a function of the data generating mechanism?
For different value of mixing proportion, sample size and distance spacing, calculate the simulated powers associated with 0.01 and 0.05 nominal level for both adjusted data and unadjusted data. 
Yes the results make sense in terms of how the power varies as a function of the data generating mechanism.
Table 2: When D is larger than 1, Power will increase as the sample size increases. There is no strong evidence that the value of power depends on mixing proportion. Also power increases as D increases.
Table 4: When D1 and D2 both larger than 1, power will increase as sample size increases. When D1 and D2 both larger than 1, the power will increases as D increases. 

How do you think the authors decided to use 1000 simulations. Would 10 simulations be enough? How might we decide if 1000 simulations is enough?
I don¡¦t think 10 simulations is enough. Because table 2 and 4 used 1000 simulations and the results seem reasonable and 10 simulations is too small to observe the results. 
